ZAP-generated Matter TV Casting Cluster Commands (#32626)
project-chip/connectedhomeip: examples/tv-casting-app/APIs.md

[issue commands](#issuing-commands) to it, [read](#read-operations) current
playback state, and [subscribe](#subscriptions) to playback events.

On Linux refer to the following platform specific files:

1. For list of clusters, command and attributes supported by the Matter TV
   Casting library:
   [tv-casting-common/clusters/Clusters.h](tv-casting-common/clusters/Clusters.h)
2. For the IDs and request / response types to use with these APIs:
   [/zzz_generated/app-common/app-common/zap-generated/cluster-objects.h](/zzz_generated/app-common/app-common/zap-generated/cluster-objects.h)

On iOS refer to the following platform specific files:

1. For list of clusters, command and attributes supported by the Matter TV
   Casting library:
   [/darwin/MatterTvCastingBridge/MatterTvCastingBridge/zap-generated/MCClusterObjects.h](/darwin/MatterTvCastingBridge/MatterTvCastingBridge/zap-generated/MCClusterObjects.h)

> 2. For the IDs and request / response types to use with these APIs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. For the IDs and request / response types to use with the commands:
```
